Prefer text over comments (#47966)
dotnet/docs: .github/copilot-instructions.md

If you include a code snippet that's more than 6 lines long, put it in a separate .cs file in a folder named "snippets" in the same folder as the document. Within the "snippets" folder, add a new directory with the name of the document. For example, if the document is named "my-doc.md", create a folder named "snippets/my-doc" folder. Also add a simple .csproj file to the same directory that targets the latest version of .NET. It can be a library or executable project.

> When you add code, use comments to briefly clarify code-specific details (such as logic, parameters, or edge cases). Reserve comprehensive explanations and context for the markdown text, not for comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you add code, use code comments sparingly because they don't get localized. You can use them to briefly clarify code-specific details (such as logic, parameters, or edge cases). Put any critical information and context in the markdown text.
```
